docs: CosmJs general tutorial (#983)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/xl-cosmjs/with-kepler.md

```typescript
updateFaucetBalance = async(client: StargateClient) => {
    const balances: readonly Coin[] = await client.getAllBalances(this.props.faucetAddress)
    const first: Coin = balances[0]
    this.setState({
        denom: first.denom,
        faucetBalance: first.amount,
    })
}
```

Notice how it only cares about the first coin type. Add that in the constructor as well so that it does it on load. Via another specific function:

```typescript
constructor(props:FaucetSenderProps) {
    ...
    setTimeout(this.init, 500)
}

init = async() => this.updateFaucetBalance(await StargateClient.connect(this.props.rpcUrl))
```

After `run dev` picks the changes, you should see your page that starts showing relevant information.

Now, add elements that will handle your user's information.

## Detect Keplr

Following [Keplr's documentation](https://docs.keplr.app/api/#how-to-detect-keplr), it is time to add a function to see if Keplr is installed on the browser. For convenience and type hinting, install the Typescript Keplr types:

```sh
$ npm install @keplr-wallet/types --save-dev
```

> And inform Typescript that `window` may have a `.keplr` field along with [this helper](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet/tree/master/docs/api#keplr-specific-features), by adding it to `FaucetSender.tsx`:

Author: ```suggestion
And inform Typescript that `window` may have a `.keplr` field with the help of [this helper](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet/tree/master/docs/api#keplr-specific-features), by adding it to `FaucetSender.tsx`:
```
@rob-Hitchens I originally wanted to say that the helper informs Typescript, but it was poorly worded.

---
title: "Bank - Send Tokens - with Keplr"
order: 4
description: Interacting with a Cosmos SDK chain through CosmJs and Kepler
tag: deep-dive
---

# Bank - Send Tokens - with Keplr

> CosmJs allows you to connect with [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap), the widely used browser extension, to manage your private keys. In a previous section you used the command-line and CosmJs to issue commands to the Theta dev net. Here, you will do the same but with a GUI and a Keplr flavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CosmJs allows you to connect with [Keplr](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap), the widely used browser extension, to manage your private keys. In a previous section you used the command-line and CosmJs to issue commands to the Theta testnet. Here, you will do the same but with a GUI and a Keplr flavor.
```

---

> title: "Bank - Send Tokens - with Kepler"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Bank - Send Tokens - with Keplr"
```
@AndrewB9lab

$ npm install @keplr-wallet/types --save-dev
```

> And inform Typescript that `Window` may have a `.keplr` field with the help of [this helper](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet/tree/master/docs/api#keplr-specific-features), by adding it to `FaucetSender.tsx`:

Author: ```suggestion
And inform Typescript that `window` may have a `.keplr` field with the help of [this helper](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet/tree/master/docs/api#keplr-specific-features), by adding it to `FaucetSender.tsx`:
```
@AndrewB9lab Actually, it is `window` as can be seen on line 289. `window` is the instantiated object, which _may_ have a `.keplr`. `KeplrWindow` and `Window` are interface types that help describe the type of `window`.
